Student App Ideas
General Student Recommendations
Currently you have 26 sections but I am sure a person with 
basic knowledge may try to go thru all of them. However if a 
intermediate or advanced person might want to try what is 
interest or useful to him/her. I would like to suggest, dividing 
each section into 2 or 3 categories. A person with basic 
python knowledge can first master the basic category first  in 
each section. this way, you could keep adding stuff to section 
categories so that regardless of python knowledge, everyone 
can learn from all sections and feel great about 
achievement.some sections may not be suitable for a person 
with very limited python knowledge but that is fine too. This 
will make your tutorial breathing room to grow into more and 
attractive to all python learners.
 
Reddit
Listening to new posts, comments on some subreddit. Then 
it alerts you by creating a row inside an Airtable or Google 
Sheets. (This could be a lot of subjects, including API). You 
can even create, that it sends a notification in whatsapp, 
slack or discord for example.
PDF Generation
You take from Google Sheets information and based on that 
information, you generate .pdf. For example - invoice.
Make a PDF with an image collage out of multiple images and 
put their names as captions in the PDF
PDF Scraping
I just purchased your course early bird. I just like to propose a 
topic which i think will be very helpful to employees handling 
document especially pdf. Please create a topic on how to 
scrape a documents such as pdf or word. Thank you for 
sharing all knowledge to us your student.
Google sheets
Listening to google sheets and then sending information 
between Google Sheets, based on a status row. 
For example : 
A column is a Status Row.
B,C,D,E  columns are some random information spreadsheets
There are two Google WorkSheets "Worksheet A" and 
"Worksheet B"
When in "Worksheet A", rows status changes to "SEND", then 
it creates that row inside "Worksheet B".
Remove Sensing 
Can you please add more remote sensing stuff related to 
image processing stuff in your automate everything with 
python course ? Like moving windows ..radiometric 
correction , masking etc . Also, can you please create a 
course on satellite image processing and ML using python ?
Data Analysis and Visualization
A stock charting and technical analysis project.
 Downloading/updating stock market data, charting data and 
adding a few technical analysis indicators to chart. Advanced 
functionality might include some kind of testing of trading 
ideas.
SQL
Get data from SQL
From SQL to CSV
From SQL to Excel
GUIs
A FILE MANAGER
An App that continually receives input data from some 
remote source does some processing, logs it and store the 
response back to the cloud. In it we could incorporate 
advanced features like security,pagination, cassandra 
database integration, api interactions, one click deployment 
to heroku, one click upload to github, one click files sync/
download/upload from cloud storage like gdrive, ,showing 
html status pages in our kivy app.
Sending Emails
Send an email with MS Outlook
